yes people after me about 2 hours ago
my video has uploaded with last
pro evolution soccer 2013 with the
bundesliga patch have me now too
already reached the first news where
you get the bundesliga patch and how
so download it so it's about it
short to say download link you can find
under the last video and of course
Also in this video here so easy
in the video description look there
is also the download link
caution is not in two parts
wonder if you still have one, for example
couple suffers from it and then thinks
does not work so overall are scarce
I believe 159 mw and of course on
the download page on the password
pay attention because you are in there
official pro evolution soccer match
diverted before we say so rather into
unofficial was vince officially who
would have kuranyi licenses so then i charge
unpack the whole thing for you
then you have these files of the box
anatolia 2013 version 0.8 easy
right-click as administrator
very important with windows 7 otherwise could
it is that there are problems there
so then you have this here so this
windows normally you can by
but also read otherwise
so no pig next because you see then
stop where everything is changed because there must
you then choose the folder where
your pro evolution soccer is then
back to next and then just up
I do not do it all now
because I 've got it all
if you break the whole country
finished you can see then here
such as I also by last
have mentioned here then you have the pro
evolution soccer 2013 launcher there
you start the whole game without
the patched things speak original
how konami delivers it and if so
about the test box anatolia 2013 starts
do you have the bundesliga page
and all the other licenses are also included
in it
only if you download the whole thing
sit home this time as well
as a home page as a bookmark of the
page in the forum of pes patch point
come because it has already been announced
that in the next weeks version 0.9
comes with further changes so
I hope that has the requests
of course I call it satisfied
if it helped you how to do the whole thing
Of course, please install thumbs up
I would also be happy about an abo
So we'll see your next video
again ciao